[dramatic music]
- Don't let it shake you off!
Hang on!
- Hang on!
- [grunts]
- [grunting]
- This will work.
I can do this!
♪♪ ♪♪
Hinokami Kagura...
Flame Dance!
[singers vocalizing]
I still haven't landed a hit.
This won't end
until I behead the main body!
It's gone!
It must have run off again.
But where?!
[leaves rustle]
- [yelps]
- [gasps] Bastard!
- [whimpering]
- Get back here!
You can't run away
from your sins!
[Tanjiro] Demons thrive off
killing and devouring humans.
[organ music]
- [crying]
- Come on. Nezuko! Genya!
- [grunts]
- Why are you running?
Isn't this
just what you've been doing
to humans all these years?
[brush rustling]
[running footsteps]
Why is every one of you...
so horribly selfish?
[Gyokko] Behold! I call it
"Death Throes of the Smiths"!
Twist the sword, and the art
really starts to speak.
- [screams]
♪♪ ♪♪
- ...did you not just try to
decapitate a small, weak being
who's only big enough
to fit in the palm of your hand?
Your actions
are utterly atrocious.
[running footsteps]
- No matter how hard we fight
and struggle against them,
we humans are powerless.
♪♪ ♪♪
- You're getting in the way.
Go hide.
- You bastard!
I'm putting an end to this,
you stubborn moron!
- [whimpers]
[wails]
- [yells]
[Tanjiro]
Despite all of that,
we'll never give up!
[organ music]
[singers vocalizing]
- [whimpering]
[yelps]
[dramatic music]
[whimpering]
[wails]
- [grunts]
- [squeals]
[shrieking]
- Hey, what gives?!
Why is he so fast?!
- [whimpering]
- Damn it!
We can't catch up!
How does he still have that
much strength left in reserve?
- We're all gonna be
reaching our limits soon.
If this keeps up,
he'll get away!
Daybreak is almost here.
Ms. Kanroji
is giving her all,
but it won't be long
before she's out of stamina.
And when day breaks,
the demons will escape.
We've got to catch up!
- [whimpering]
- But how?
It's so fast!
Damn it. It's planning
on just running forever...
until day breaks...
until Ms. Kanroji's worn out!
That's not going to happen!
Because we're not...
going to let it win!
- [crack]
- [winces]
Uhh. It's no use!
I can't plant my feet!
All because
I injured my left leg earlier!
No, it can't end like this.
I have to do something!
[Zenitsu] Tanjiro?
- [gasps]
- When it comes
to Thunder Breathing,
you have to focus on your legs
more than anything else.
[mouth full] You see...
if you focus
on the size of your whole body
and the shape of each muscle...
it's possible,
but it's pretty hard to do.
[chews]
"It's not
true Total Concentration
until you're fully aware
of each body part."
Well...
that's what
my gramps who trained me
used to say, anyway.
- Each and every fiber
of my muscles...
every single vein in my body...
circulate air through them.
Channel all your strength
into your legs.
Focus!
Explode with a single breath.
and like thunder...
slash through the air!
- [gasps]
- Hmm?
[dramatic music]
- I see you!
There's no escape!
- [shrieking]
- [breathing deeply]
- [groaning]
- Cut through!
Cut through!
Finish him off!
Use every ounce
of strength left!
- Don't you feel...
- No matter what happens.
I have to behead it!
- ...the least bit...
- [gasps]
- ...sorry for
someone small like me?
Have you no sympathy?!
What gives you the right
to bully around the weak?!
Answer me!
- [grunting]
[joints popping]
[Genya panting]
[grunting]
Drop the victim act!
As if an Upper Rank
could ever be weak!
Don't give me that crap!
- [growling]
- [yelling]
- [roars]
- [screams]
- [screaming]
- [grunts]
- [grunting]
[yells]
- [sword scrapes]
- [winces]
[screams]
- Oh, no.
I ate demon flesh earlier,
so I'm getting burned, too!
Tanjiro!
- [groaning]
- [yells]
- [gagging]
- [yelps]
- [grunting]
- [gasps]
- [screaming]
- [grunts]
- [panting]
Tanjiro! Nezuko!
- [retching]
[panting]
Damn.
My regeneration
is slowing down.
Zohakuten's using
too much of my power.
I need to replenish myself
with human flesh.
[Tanjiro groans]
I won't let you escape.
[panting]
Nearby.
I can sense
there are humans nearby.
I can sense it...
[Tanjiro] Get back here.
I'm not letting you escape.
- [yelps]
- [exhales]
I'll chase you down
to the depths of hell.
There's no escape.
I will...
decapitate you!
[shrieks]
[panting]
He dares threaten
an Upper Rank?!
Where are those humans?
If I consume them...
then I can send that
little brat to an early grave
in the blink of an eye!
Huh?
Aha!
There's my precious food!
The biggest threat of
those three is the demon girl.
She keeps thwarting me
at every turn.
Luckily, that brat's sword
is only able to lodge itself
in my neck, not slash it.
First, I'll devour
those humans.
Then once I've
replenished myself...
[swordsmith gasps]
Crap! This way!
- Right!
- It's no use!
You're not getting away!
- [grunts]
[gasping]
Nezuko.
- [panting]
[Tanjiro] Hurry!
You've got to hurry!
One more time!
One more time...
use Total Concentration again!
[Tokito] Tanjiro!
- [gasps]
- Tanjiro!
- Eh?
[sword rings]
- [gasps]
That sword!
- Use it!
[panting]
- [gasps]
- Tanjiro!
Take that sword, and go!
- Give it back!
Are you out of your mind?!
Touch it, and I'll kill you!
I only honed it
up to the first stage!
It's not done!
- Tanjiro!
Daybreak's coming!
Don't let him escape!
- I ought to kill you!
- That hurt!
- Tokito...
thank you!
[thrilling music]
- We're counting on you,
Tanjiro.
- [gasps] Mr. Tokito?
- [gasps]
- Lord Tokito!
- Whoa! Mr. Haganezuka
really did kill him!
- What?! All I did
was hit the kid!
- You inhuman monster!
- Calm down, you two!
- [arguing]
- He passed out
from the poison and fever!
- Take it, Tanjiro.
[singer vocalizing]
Everyone's hopes
are in that sword.
- Total Concentration...
♪♪ ♪♪
- [shrieks]
- [yells]
- [gagging]
- [yelling]
♪♪ ♪♪
Dancing Flash!
[wind blowing]
[sword slices]
- [panting]
I did it!
I beheaded the main body!
[gasps]
[dramatic music]
The sun is rising!
[chorus vocalizing]
There's no protection
from the sun here!
Nezuko, run!
Get--[groans]
I can't... speak.
- [gasps]
[grunting]
- No. Nezuko,
what are you doing?
It's you! It's you!
You're the one in danger!
The sun's coming up.
If the sunlight hits you,
you'll die!
♪♪ ♪♪
Nezuko!
[Nezuko grunting]
- Nezuko...
run!
Go find a place
in the shade...
Nezuko!
- [grunting]
- [swordsmith screams]
- [gasps]
- Run! Run!
- It's not dead...
even though it's been beheaded!
- What?
[tense music]
The word on its tongue
is "resentment."
But the main body's
said "fear."
Then this one's different!
I messed up!
- No matter.
- [grunts]
- I'll just finish it off!
- [screams]
[soaring music]
[groaning]
- Nezuko!
Shrink yourself!
You have
to make yourself smaller!
Hurry!
- [groaning]
- The sun's not even
all the way up yet,
and it's this bad?
- [whimpering]
- Nezuko...
- [swordsmiths screaming]
- [gasps]
[singers vocalizing]
Oh, no.
Somebody...
- [no audible dialogue]
- Genya.
Tokito.
[Tanjiro whimpers]
Who am I kidding?
They can't get here
from the top of that cliff
in time.
Wait, that demon
should be burning, too.
It's no good.
The villagers will be dead
before he turns to ash.
[gasping]
And if I run
while carrying Nezuko...
I won't make it in time!
[panicked gasping]
[groans]
- [gasping]
- [whimpering]
[Tanjiro groans]
♪♪ ♪♪
I can't do it.
I can't make up my mind.
- [whimpering]
- [wails]
[flesh crackling]
[gasps] I can't do it.
[groaning]
[kick echoes]
[gasps]
[fist creaks]
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
[children's chorus singing]
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
[piano music]
[wind rushes]
[gasps]
♪♪ ♪♪
Track its scent.
It can't have gotten far.
[running footsteps]
[heroic music]
If the main body broke off
and hid far away,
the scent would have told me.
It's nearby.
But where?
Pick up its scent!
Its shape! Its color!
♪♪ ♪♪
There it is!
It's still inside the demon.
Right, then.
Clearer.
Give me a clearer view.
Show me!
♪♪ ♪♪
I found it!
It's hiding inside the heart!
- [screaming]
- We're done for!
We're done for!
- It caught up.
- You're not getting away
from me this time!
You coward!
You evil demon!
[Hantengu shrieks]
- [growls]
- [shrieks]
- Atone for your sins...
♪♪ ♪♪
- [wails]
- ...at the cost of your life!
- Why would you do something
like stealing from others?
And to make things worse,
you stole from someone kind,
someone who helped
us who can't see!
Out of kindness, our master
chose to look the other way,
but I can't forgive you.
I'm going
to the magistrate's office.
[Hantengu] I'm not
the one at fault here!
It's these hands
that are to blame!
These hands acted on their own!
[Hantengu]
What is all of this?
[squelch]
Is that me
when I was a human?
Why now, after all this time?
- I've been told
you've committed
theft and murder like this
numerous times
in another town as well.
I have no sympathy for you.
- That's absurd.
I'm not capable of such a thing.
As someone who's blind--
- I know damn well
you can see just fine!
- [gasps]
- I've had a masseur
come here to Shirasu before.
However, unlike you,
he would face the wall
until I started speaking.
- [whimpering]
- You say
your hands are to blame?
Then we'll just tie your hands
together and sever them!
- It'd be a pity if you were
beheaded tomorrow, wouldn't it?
What If I told you
I could save you?
- No matter how you try
to fool yourself out of it,
the truth remains the same!
Silencing me like this
won't do any good.
- Is this my life...
- A day will come when you
have to atone for your sins!
I can only hope that your
atonement costs you your life!
- ...flashing
before my eyes?
[screaming]
- [yelling]
♪♪ ♪♪
[soaring music]
- [wails]
♪♪ ♪♪
[peaceful music]
- [panting]
[singers vocalizing]
[crying]
I won.
But I had to sacrifice Nezuko,
who was turned to ash
by the sun.
Not even her bones remain
to bury.
[crying]
[singing in Japanese]
[slow footsteps crunching]
[crying]
Nezuko. Nezuko.
To change Nezuko
back into a human...
that's the only--
that's the only reason
I ever came this far.
[crying]
- Lord Kamado?
L--Lord Kamado?
- Lord Kamado!
Lord Kamado.
♪♪ ♪♪
- [gasps]
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasping]
- Mo--
- [gasps]
- Goo--
Good morning!
- [sobbing]
Nezuko!
- Lord Kamado!
[singing in Japanese]
- Nezuko.
Thank goodness.
Are you all right?
You're not hurt?
- Th--
Thank goodness.
- [crying]
- A--Are you all right?
Thank goodness...
right?
- No, really.
Thank goodness.
You didn't turn to ash
and disappear!
[sobbing]
Thank goodness!
I really thought you were dead
when you started to burn!
Thank goodness, Nezuko!
I'm so glad you're all right!
[sobbing]
Thank goodness!
- Oh, yes.
- [crying]
- Thank you both
for saving us back there.
We never would have forgiven
ourselves if Nezuko perished!
- [gasps]
[chuckles]
[no audible dialogue]
[Genya] Good for you,
Tanjiro. Nezuko.
- [gasps]
- He went limp all of a sudden!
- Young Kamado,
hang in there, okay?
- He died? He died!
- Idiot!
- Are you all right?
Stay with us!
- Thank goodness...
Nezuko.
Thank goodness.
- [growls]
- [panting]
- [gasps]
[wails]
I can't take it anymore!
[drum pounds]
- [growls]
- I'm so sorry.
But I'm about to be killed!
[flesh crackling]
Huh?
Yay! I've been saved!
They must have done it!
They must have beheaded
the main body!
- Toshikuni?
I'm coming in.
Oh, my.
[door closes]
What's gotten into you,
Toshikuni?
making such a mess like this?
I see you've been doing
some research.
Are you having trouble
finding a book?
I might be able
to help you find it.
But before that,
how about taking a break
and having some tea with me?
- [adult voice] At last...
- What's that?
- After all these years,
someone who's able
to withstand the sun
has finally appeared.
You've done an excellent job,
Hantengu!
- Well, you're
certainly enjoying it.
Sounds like
a very interesting story.
- Huh?
[blood splatters]
Uh, Madam, are you...
Your head, what happened to it?
- If this is true,
there's no longer any need
to search
for the Blue Spider Lily.
- [laughing]
- Are you okay?
- That took so long.
But it was for this reason...
for this reason that,
for a thousand years,
I've dragged my feet
and continued to expand
the reach of my kind
far beyond my comfort.
[joints popping]
- [shuddering]
- A rare constitution
that never showed up
even among
the Twelve Kizuki until now.
She's the chosen demon.
If I devour that girl
and absorb her properties,
then I, too,
will gain the ability
to conquer the accursed sun!
- You murderer!
She's dead! You killed her!
Master! Master!
Maste--
- Now that I think of it,
it was that day.
It all started
one thousand years ago...
back then, during the period
referred to as the Heian era.
- If I may, sir...
your medicine
is prepared for you now
if you're ready to take it.
- What a pathetic shrink.
That said, this inept doctor
is the only one
I have left to lean on.
What will become of me
if I don't take this?
- As I'm sure you're well aware,
if you don't take
the medicine before you,
you won't live to see
your 20th birthday.
I don't know
how effective it will be,
but I'm doing the best I can
with what I have.
It's sure
to buy you some time, though.
- All right, enough talk.
I'll take it.
It won't work anyway.
Ah, how I long to destroy them,
each and every living being.
[grinding]
No matter how many times
he examines me
or administers
that damn medicine,
nothing can stop
my symptoms from worsening.
[footsteps thumping]
[thump]
[panting]
Dying is all you're good for,
you incompetent quack.
[narrating] But soon after,
I began to realize
the doctor's medicine
had been working.
Unfortunately for him,
it was after I had killed him.
My body
was bursting with energy.
My feeble physique was replaced
with a much more formidable one.
But there was one problem.
My body forbade me
from stepping into the sunlight.
There was no doubt
in my mind.
If I were to be exposed to it,
I would die.
[thunder crashes]
I quickly began to crave
human flesh and blood.
To satisfy my hunger,
I devoured countless humans.
[thunder crashes]
And if anyone were to stand
in the way of doing that,
I'd simply eliminate them.
That's all there is to it.
- Face me!
You cursed demon
who disrupts our peace!
- Are you...
talking to me right now?
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[chorus vocalizaing]
[archers scream]
- I had gained power beyond
my imagination, eternal power!
[birds chirping]
But having to restrict
my movements during the day
was nothing short
of humiliating.
My anger was reaching
its boiling point.
It was then
that I began to seek a body
that wouldn't perish
in the sunlight.
I examined the compounds
from the doctor's elixir,
but because it was
still experimental,
I couldn't decipher how to make
the medicine referred to as...
"Blue Spider Lily."
Based on my research,
it appeared to contain
actual blue-colored
spider lilies.
But as for where
this Blue Spider Lily bloomed
or if it was even possible
to cultivate anymore...
no one knew,
but the doctor I had killed.
I searched
every corner of Japan,
but failed to find anything.
In order to become
truly immortal,
finding the Blue Spider Lily
or another of my kind
who somehow possessed
the ability to survive
the sunlight...
have been my top priorities
to this moment.
And at long last,
I have found her.
[singers vocalizing]
Now that I've located a demon
who has conquered the sun,
there's no longer any reason
to extend my reach.
I will absorb her.
For it is my destiny to conquer
the loathsome sunlight.
Once I get my hands on Nezuko,
I'll become a perfect being
immune to the diseases
of change and death!
[birds chirping]
- Tanjiro, are you all right?
- [sighs]
Oh, h--hey, Tokito.
I'm so glad you're safe...
Thank you for that sword.
- I should be thanking you.
It's because of you
that I recovered
something precious to me.
- Huh? But how?
I don't think I did anything.
- Tanjiro,
I can't thank you enough.
- If you say so.
- But more importantly,
what's going on with Nezuko?
- Uh, well, actually...
- Why, you...
- Huh?
- [jabbers]
What did you do
with my unfinished sword?!
- Please calm down!
- [gasps]
Mr. Haganezuka?
- I asked you what happened
to the sword I was honing,
you ungrateful little brat!
- Oh, right!
I fought an Upper Rank with it!
- So you used it to fight, huh?
- To fight and--
Huh? Then what happened?
I blacked out, and then--
- Oh, you mean this swo--
- Did you break it?
- Huh? Uh, no.
- If you broke it,
you better fess up!
Tell me the truth!
- I didn't break it.
I didn't break it.
- No, wait! It's here!
- I am going to kill you!
- Nezuko, run for it!
- Run!
- Get back here!
- Mr. Haganezuka! Calm down!
Look! The sword
is right over here!
- ...face my fury!
- Come on! Come on.
[Kanroji]
You guys! [laughs]
You guys!
[laughs]
- [Nezuko laughs]
- Ms. Kanroji!
- [giggles]
[sobs]
We did it! We did it!
I can't believe
we pulled that off!
- It's a miracle
that we're all still alive!
Thank goodness!
[crying]
- Thank goodness!
- [sobbing]
- Huh?
- [giggles]
Uh, yes, thank goodness!
- [chuckles]
- What?!
[chuckles]
Uh, hey, Tanjiro.
- What is it?
- [laughter]
- I'm so glad you're safe!
- She's talking again,
but her eyes and fangs
are the same.
I don't understand it,
and yet...
I'm so relieved she's alive...
that I don't think
I really need to.
- Thank goodness you're safe!
- Thank goodness!
- [laughter]
- [growls]
- Thank goodness!
- [laughter]
- [crying]
[Tanjiro] Thank goodness!
[Tamayo] Mr. Tanjiro,
I thank you
for providing me with the blood
from Ms. Nezuko
and the Twelve Kizuki
and for helping me with
all my research up until now.
The man in Asakusa who was
turned into a demon by Muzan
has regained his sense of self.
And it's all thanks
to Ms. Nezuko's blood.
Released from Muzan's control,
he can now live normally
off a small amount of blood.
The transformation of Ms.
Nezuko's blood is surprising.
The components of her blood
have mutated again and again
in such a short
amount of time.
And so, lately
I can't help but think,
why is it Ms. Nezuko has yet
to regain her sense of self
and remains stuck
in a child-like state?
I believe
that deep down in her mind,
there's something
more important
than regaining
her sense of self,
something that she needs
to prioritize above it.
Yushiro?
Yushiro?!
- Yes, Lady Tamayo?
What can I do for you?
- Can you fetch Chachamaru?
- [meows]
- As you requested,
Chachamaru's ready to go.
- Give my regards
to the Kamado siblings.
Safe travels.
[birds chirping]
- [meows]
- Mr. Tanjiro, please know
this is pure speculation
on my part...
but I believe
that it won't be long...
before Ms. Nezuko
is able to conquer the sun.
- Make way!
Coming through!
[village chatter]
- Sure. This'll work just fine.
I'm sure of it.
- That's good.
- A little more.
- Out of the way!
- Bring me that wood over here!
- Try it over there.
- That's all right.
- This way.
- No, no, bring that...
- Yes.
- That should look perfect.
- More. Further.
- Okay.
- Let me see.
- Almost there.
- Over there.
- Hey, Lord Tecchin!
- Ah, Kotetsu!
- Mr. Tanjiro's
leaving the village,
so he'd like to say goodbye.
Mr. Tanjiro?
[Tecchin] Feeling any better
after resting?
- Yes. Thank you
for all that you did for me.
I'm also grateful
that you provided me
with this cart as well.
- Please, I should be
the one who's thanking you.
You did a stupendous job
protecting this village!
I'm in your debt.
- I wasn't able to do
that much all on my own.
The others helped more.
Our combined strength
and that sword which
connects us to ancient hope,
that is the reason we were able
to beat those Upper Rank demons.
- Yes, yes, you're quite right.
And where's your little sister?
- She's asleep.
Her body's
got to be exhausted.
- [breathing softly]
- [chuckles]
- I see!
Well, I'm truly glad
to hear she's all right!
- Yes!
- Eh?
- [murmurs]
- Kanamori, is it me,
or is that Hotaru
lurking around over there?
- It's him.
- What is he doing?
- I guess he's still upset,
so he's trying to hide.
He won't forgive Mr. Tanjiro
for using a sword
before it was fully honed.
- [groans]
[Tecchin] What am I
going to do with that guy?
Hotaru, come over here a second!
- [grumbling]
- Quit dilly-dallying,
and come over here!
- [grumbling]
[Tecchin] Hotaru!
- I'm telling you,
it's all his fault.
- Agh! Ouch!
- Right? Am I right?
Am I right?!
- Hey! Come on, hey!
- Sorry but that really hurts!
[Tecchin] Hotaru!
- But wait, if Mr. Tanjiro
and the others
hadn't come to help,
the village
would have been destroyed!
- Ow. Ow!
- Hmph!
- Ow, ow, ow.
- Now, Hotaru...
the real reason you came here
was to greet Tanjiro, wasn't it?
He came all the way here
to speak to you.
- [grumbles]
- Mr. Haganezuka, thank you for
always taking care of my sword!
I appreciate it.
The reason that I came here
was to thank you for doing that.
- I-I'll begin honing
your sword for you right away.
Stand by
at the Butterfly Mansion.
- You're going
to repair it for me?
- Of course I am.
Don't you want it fixed?
- Thank you very much!
- Eh, sure.
- Mr. Haganezuka, don't tell me
you're embarrassed.
- [trembles]
- Kotetsu, stop!
- Careful, young Kotetsu!
- Heh!
That's pretty funny, huh?
[laughs]
- [growls]
[shrieks]
No way am I embarrassed!
- [yelping]
- [grunting]
[Kanamori] Seems Young Kotetsu
dug himself an early grave.
- [yelps]
- [grunts]
- But really, thank you
for everything you've done.
Now I have to get back
to training again!
- Yes. Best of luck to you!
Safe travels, Kakushi.
I'm counting on you
to get him there.
- Huh?!
- Right.
Just as you did coming here.
You'll have
to put these on again.
- [winces]
All right,
take care, everybody!
[Tecchin]
I wish you good health!
[Kanamori]
Be careful out there!
[Kotetsu] Please
come back soon, okay?
[Tanjiro] Bye, everyone!
Um, why are we stopping here?
[grunts]
[Kakushi] Mr. Tanjiro.
- [gasps]
[overlapping cheers]
- Tanjiro!
- Thank you!
- Take care! See you soon!
- You can count on us
to take care of your swords!
- Tanjiro!
- [laughter]
- Hey, thanks!
- Tanjiro!
- Thank you!
- This is so inspirational!
- You're a hero!
- You're incredible!
- [gasps]
- Tanjiro!
- [cheering]
[inspirational music]
♪♪ ♪♪
- Shall we do without
the blindfold and nose plugs
until we've crossed
the perimeter of the village?
- Yes!
- Thanks!
- Tanjiro!
["Kizuna no Kiseki" playing]
- See you!
- Thanks again!
- Tanjiro!
- Thank you!
- Take care!
- Tanjiro!
["Kizuna no Kiseki" playing]
♪♪ ♪♪